# packages in environment at /home/mnatali/Work_Area/Data/conda/envs/geoprocessing_env_libraries:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
affine                    2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.13               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
anyio                     4.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aom                       3.9.1                hac33072_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py313h536fd9c_5    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
asttokens                 3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
attrs                     24.3.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
aws-c-auth                0.8.0               h205f482_16    conda-forge
aws-c-cal                 0.8.1                h1a47875_3    conda-forge
aws-c-common              0.10.6               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
aws-c-compression         0.3.0                h4e1184b_5    conda-forge
aws-c-event-stream        0.5.0               h7959bf6_11    conda-forge
aws-c-http                0.9.2                hefd7a92_4    conda-forge
aws-c-io                  0.15.3               h831e299_5    conda-forge
aws-c-mqtt                0.11.0              h11f4f37_12    conda-forge
aws-c-s3                  0.7.7                hf454442_0    conda-forge
aws-c-sdkutils            0.2.2                h4e1184b_0    conda-forge
aws-checksums             0.2.2                h4e1184b_4    conda-forge
aws-crt-cpp               0.29.8               h8570fcd_1    conda-forge
aws-sdk-cpp               1.11.458             h7001638_5    conda-forge
azure-core-cpp            1.14.0               h5cfcd09_0    conda-forge
azure-identity-cpp        1.10.0               h113e628_0    conda-forge
azure-storage-blobs-cpp   12.13.0              h3cf044e_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-common-cpp  12.8.0               h736e048_1    conda-forge
azure-storage-files-datalake-cpp 12.12.0              ha633028_1    conda-forge
babel                     2.16.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
bleach                    6.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
bleach-with-css           6.2.0                hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
blosc                     1.21.6               he440d0b_1    conda-forge
bokeh                     3.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
branca                    0.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py313h46c70d0_2    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h4bc722e_7    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.34.4               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.12.14           hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.18.2               h3394656_1    conda-forge
cartopy                   0.24.0          py313ha87cce1_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.12.14         pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.17.1          py313hfab6e84_0    conda-forge
cftime                    1.6.4           py313ha014f3b_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.8              pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
click-plugins             1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cligj                     0.7.2              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
cloudpickle               3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.3.1           py313h33d0bda_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.27               h54b06d7_7    conda-forge
cytoolz                   1.0.1           py313h536fd9c_0    conda-forge
dask                      2024.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2024.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dask-expr                 1.1.21             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dav1d                     1.2.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               h5008d03_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.11          py313h46c70d0_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
distributed               2024.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
double-conversion         3.3.0                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
et_xmlfile                2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
executing                 2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
expat                     2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
fiona                     1.10.1          py313hab4ff3b_3    conda-forge
folium                    0.19.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 h77eed37_3    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.15.0               h7e30c49_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.55.3          py313h8060acc_1    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               h267a509_2    conda-forge
freexl                    2.0.0                h9dce30a_2    conda-forge
fsspec                    2024.12.0          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gdal                      3.10.1          py313h49478cc_0    conda-forge
geopandas                 1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
geopandas-base            1.0.1              pyha770c72_3    conda-forge
geos                      3.13.0               h5888daf_0    conda-forge
geotiff                   1.7.3                h77b800c_3    conda-forge
gflags                    2.2.2             h5888daf_1005    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.2                hd590300_0    conda-forge
glog                      0.7.1                hbabe93e_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h59595ed_1003    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
h5py                      3.12.1          nompi_py313h8a9c7c3_103    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  10.2.0               h4bba637_0    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.15               h2a13503_7    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.4          nompi_h2d575fe_105    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.7              pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
httpx                     0.28.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
icu                       75.1                 he02047a_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.10               pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        8.5.0              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.5             pyh3099207_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.31.0             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
json-c                    0.18                 h6688a6e_0    conda-forge
json5                     0.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonpointer               3.0.0           py313h78bf25f_1    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.23.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2024.10.1          pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.23.0               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.5              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.2              pyh31011fe_1    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.27.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.7           py313h33d0bda_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.21.3               h659f571_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.16                 hb7c19ff_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.43                 h712a8e2_2    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libabseil                 20240722.0      cxx17_hbbce691_4    conda-forge
libaec                    1.1.3                h59595ed_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.7.7                h4585015_3    conda-forge
libarrow                  18.1.0           h9d9f30d_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-acero            18.1.0           hcb10f89_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-dataset          18.1.0           hcb10f89_8_cpu    conda-forge
libarrow-substrait        18.1.0           h08228c5_8_cpu    conda-forge
libavif16                 1.1.1                h1909e37_2    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           26_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.1.0                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           26_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libclang-cpp19.1          19.1.6          default_hb5137d0_0    conda-forge
libclang13                19.1.6          default_h9c6a7e4_0    conda-forge
libcrc32c                 1.1.2                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h4637d8d_4    conda-forge
libcurl                   8.11.1               h332b0f4_0    conda-forge
libde265                  1.0.15               h00ab1b0_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.23                 h4ddbbb0_0    conda-forge
libdrm                    2.4.124              hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20240808    pl5321h7949ede_0    conda-forge
libegl                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libevent                  2.1.12               hf998b51_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.6.4                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgdal-core              3.10.1               h3359108_0    conda-forge
libgfortran               14.2.0               h69a702a_1    conda-forge
libgfortran5              14.2.0               hd5240d6_1    conda-forge
libgl                     1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglib                   2.82.2               h2ff4ddf_0    conda-forge
libglvnd                  1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libglx                    1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libgomp                   14.2.0               h77fa898_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud           2.33.0               h2b5623c_1    conda-forge
libgoogle-cloud-storage   2.33.0               h0121fbd_1    conda-forge
libgrpc                   1.67.1               h25350d4_1    conda-forge
libheif                   1.19.5          gpl_hc21c24c_100    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 hd590300_2    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             3.0.0                hd590300_1    conda-forge
libkml                    1.3.0             hf539b9f_1021    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           26_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm19                 19.1.7               ha7bfdaf_0    conda-forge
liblzma                   5.6.3                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libmpdec                  4.0.0                h4bc722e_0    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.9.2           nompi_h5ddbaa4_116    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.64.0               h161d5f1_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.1                hd590300_0    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.8                  hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.28          pthreads_h94d23a6_1    conda-forge
libopengl                 1.7.0                ha4b6fd6_2    conda-forge
libparquet                18.1.0           h081d1f1_8_cpu    conda-forge
libpciaccess              0.18                 hd590300_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.45               h943b412_0    conda-forge
libpq                     17.2                 h3b95a9b_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               5.28.3               h6128344_1    conda-forge
libre2-11                 2024.07.02           hbbce691_2    conda-forge
librttopo                 1.1.0               h97f6797_17    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.20               h4ab18f5_0    conda-forge
libspatialite             5.1.0               h1b4f908_12    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.47.2               hee588c1_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.1               hf672d98_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx                 14.2.0               hc0a3c3a_1    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              14.2.0               h4852527_1    conda-forge
libthrift                 0.21.0               h0e7cc3e_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.7.0                hd9ff511_3    conda-forge
libutf8proc               2.9.0                hb9d3cd8_1    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.38.1               h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.5.0                h851e524_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.17.0               h8a09558_0    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.7.0                h2c5496b_1    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.13.5               h8d12d68_1    conda-forge
libxslt                   1.1.39               h76b75d6_0    conda-forge
libzip                    1.11.2               h6991a6a_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
locket                    1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
lz4                       4.3.3           py313h8756d67_2    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.10.0               h5888daf_1    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              hd590300_1001    conda-forge
mapclassify               2.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py313h8060acc_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.0          py313h78bf25f_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.0          py313h129903b_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
minizip                   4.0.7                h05a5f5f_3    conda-forge
mistune                   3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
msgpack-python            1.1.0           py313h33d0bda_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              9.0.1                h266115a_4    conda-forge
mysql-libs                9.0.1                he0572af_4    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.5             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.5                  h2d0b736_2    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.7.2           nompi_py313h1dd084c_101    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
notebook                  7.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.1           py313hb30382a_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.3                h5fbd93e_0    conda-forge
openldap                  2.6.9                he970967_0    conda-forge
openpyxl                  3.1.5           py313h9c9eb82_1    conda-forge
openssl                   3.4.0                h7b32b05_1    conda-forge
orc                       2.0.3                h12ee42a_2    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 24.2               pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py313ha87cce1_1    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
partd                     1.4.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.44                hba22ea6_2    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           pyhd8ed1ab_1004    conda-forge
pillow                    11.1.0          py313h8db990d_0    conda-forge
pip                       24.3.1             pyh145f28c_2    conda-forge
pixman                    0.44.2               h29eaf8c_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.3.6              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
proj                      9.5.1                h0054346_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.48             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.48               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
psutil                    6.1.1           py313h536fd9c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               hb9d3cd8_1002    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyarrow                   18.1.0          py313h78bf25f_0    conda-forge
pyarrow-core              18.1.0          py313he5f92c8_0_cpu    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.22               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pygments                  2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyogrio                   0.10.0          py313hab4ff3b_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyproj                    3.7.0           py313hdb96ca5_0    conda-forge
pyshp                     2.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pyside6                   6.8.1           py313h5f61773_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
python                    3.13.1          ha99a958_105_cp313    conda-forge
python-calamine           0.3.1           py313h920b4c0_0    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2024.2             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.13                    5_cp313    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py313h536fd9c_1    conda-forge
pyzmq                     26.2.0          py313h8e95178_3    conda-forge
qhull                     2020.2               h434a139_5    conda-forge
qt6-main                  6.8.1                h588cce1_2    conda-forge
rasterio                  1.4.3           py313ha085935_0    conda-forge
rav1e                     0.6.6                he8a937b_2    conda-forge
re2                       2024.07.02           h9925aae_2    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.35.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
requests                  2.32.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rioxarray                 0.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.22.3          py313h920b4c0_0    conda-forge
s2n                       1.5.10               hb5b8611_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.6.1           py313h8ef605b_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.15.1          py313h750cbce_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.3              pyh0d859eb_1    conda-forge
setuptools                75.8.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
shapely                   2.0.6           py313h3f71f02_2    conda-forge
six                       1.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
snappy                    1.2.1                h8bd8927_1    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
snuggs                    1.4.7              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
sortedcontainers          2.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.47.2               h9eae976_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
svt-av1                   2.3.0                h5888daf_0    conda-forge
tblib                     3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.1             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.5.0              pyhc1e730c_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.13          noxft_h4845f30_101    conda-forge
tomli                     2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
toolz                     1.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4.2           py313h536fd9c_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20241206     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.12.2               hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.12.2             pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tzdata                    2024b                hc8b5060_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
uriparser                 0.9.8                hac33072_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wayland                   1.23.1               h3e06ad9_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.11.1            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
x265                      3.5                  h924138e_3    conda-forge
xarray                    2025.1.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.1                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-cursor           0.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                hb711507_2    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.1                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.10               hb711507_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.2                hb711507_0    conda-forge
xerces-c                  3.2.5                h988505b_2    conda-forge
xkeyboard-config          2.43                 hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.1.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.5                he73a12e_0    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.10               h4f16b4b_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxcomposite        0.4.6                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxcursor           1.2.3                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdamage           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.5                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            6.0.1                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.8.2                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrandr            1.5.4                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.12               hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.5                hb9d3cd8_3    conda-forge
xorg-libxxf86vm           1.1.6                hb9d3cd8_0    conda-forge
xyzservices               2024.9.0           pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.5                h3b0a872_7    conda-forge
zict                      3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.21.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
zlib                      1.3.1                hb9d3cd8_2    conda-forge
zstandard                 0.23.0          py313h80202fe_1    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.6                ha6fb4c9_0    conda-forge
